Add command that preview forked pull request doc (#5265)
pyvista/pyvista: CONTRIBUTING.rst

branch (see below), please do not delete your branch if it is a ``fix/``
branch.

Preview the Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you make a Pull Request from the pyvista organization repository branch,

Author: ```suggestion
Once you have make a Pull Request from the pyvista organization repository branch.
```

> it automatically triggers deploying the Preview Documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
This will automatically deploy the Preview Documentation.
```

Please check the documentation that is deployed by your Pull Request
before merging.

> If you make a Pull Request from the forked repository. You can comment

Author: ```suggestion
Once you have make a Pull Request from the forked repository. You can comment
```
